Overview
In this task you will be asked to analyze two admission processes from different universities and compare their activities.

Goal: Express your opinion on the similarity of the two processes and on the relationship between one activity from the first process and the activities from the second process.

Purpose: Your responses will help us evaluate the importance of individuals' opinions in establishing matches between different processes.

Steps
Look at the fragment from Process A
Look at the highlighted Activity A (red box)
Look at the fragment from Process B
Rate how relevant you think Process fragment B is with respect to Activity A
Compare Activity A with the activities (black boxes) present in Process fragment B
Select the names of the activities from Process fragment B which you think are similar to Activity A.
If you think that no activity from Process fragment B is similar to Activity A then select the "None of the above" option.
Select the names of the activities from Process fragment B which you think are  part of Activity A.
An activity is part of Activity A if doing Activity A also includes doing this other activity.
If you think that no activity from Process fragment B is  part of Activity A then select the "None of the above" option.
Select the names of the activities from Process fragment B which you think include Activity A.
An activity includes Activity A if doing this activity also includes doing Activity A.
If you think that no activity from Process fragment B includes Activity A then select the "None of the above" option.
Rules & Tips
DO

Read carefully these instructions and the questions
Take into consideration the context provided by each process fragment
Look at all the activities (the labelled boxes) contained in the process fragments and take them in consideration in your judgment
Think about which action is done in an activity, who is doing that action (for example a student or the university staff) and what are the things that are manipulated when doing the action (for example documents, certificates, applications)
DEFINITIONS

SIMILAR: Two activities X and Y are similar when all of the following conditions are satisfied:

The actions performed in the activities are similar
The individuals performing the actions are similar
The things manipulated by the actions are similar
PART OF: An activity X is part of an activity Y if doing Y includes doing X.
Example: "Open door" is part of "Enter building" as entering a building includes opening the door of the building.
Example: "Drive car" is part of "Go to work"

INCLUDES: An activity X includes an activity Y if doing X includes doing Y.
Example: "Send email" includes "Use computer"
Example: "Check document" includes "Verify signature"


Examples
Suppose Process fragment A is the following, where Activity A is 'check application in time'.



Also suppose that Process fragment B is the following:



The two process fragments both have activities which mention checking if an application is in time (this action is done by the university staff).

As these process fragments seem to be similar their similarity score should be high, such as 4 or 5.

Both activities from Process fragment B seem to be similar to Activity A and thus they should be selected in the question about activities similar to Activity A.

In addition both activities from Process fragment B could be part of Activity A because checking if an application arrived in time (as in Activity A) includes checking both for EU and non-EU countries (as in the two activities from Process fragment B). You should then select the two activities from Process fragment B in the question about which activities are part of Activity A.