Overview
In this task you will be asked to rate the relevance of universities' admission processes with respect to a given query.

Goal: Express your opinion on how relevant a process is with respect to a given query.

Purpose: Your responses will help us evaluate the importance of individuals' opinions in establishing matches between different processes.

Steps
Read the provided query
Look at the fragment of a university admission process retrieved for the query
Rate how relevant you think the retrieved process fragment is with respect to the query
Select the activities from the retrieved process fragment which you think are relevant to the query.
If you think that no activity is relevant, then select the "None of the above" option.
Optionally explain the reasoning behind your choices
Rules & Tips
DO

Read carefully these instructions and the questions
Take into consideration the context provided by each process
Look at all the activities (the labeled black boxes) contained in the process fragments and take them in consideration in your judgment
Think about which action is done in an activity, who is doing that action (for example a student or the university staff) and what are the things that are manipulated when doing the action (for example documents, certificates, applications)
Examples
Suppose the provided query is 'qualification'

and the retrieved process fragment is the following:



You can notice that we have two relevant activities (red boxes).

The actions in these two activities are performed by a student who wants to enroll in some university and has to add some certificates which are a form of qualification.

This process fragment is pretty relevant with respect to the query so you should rate its relevance with a high score such as 4 or 5.

When asked to select which activities from the process fragment are relevant to the query you should select both 'add certificate of bachelor degree' and 'add certificate of english language'.

When asked to explain your choices you could write for example that in the process fragment there are two activities mentioning certificates, which are a form of qualification, and thus you thought that the process was relevant and selected those two activities as the ones relevant to the query.