Overview
In this task you will be asked to compare two different university admission processes and find similarities between their activities.

Goal: Express your opinion on how relevant is a process fragment with respect to a given activity and on which activities from the same process fragment are similar to the given activity.

Purpose: Your responses will help us evaluate the importance of individuals' opinions in establishing matches between different processes.

Steps
Look at the fragment from Process A
Look at the highlighted Activity A (red box)
Look at the fragment from Process B
Rate how relevant you think Process fragment B is with respect to Activity A
Compare Activity A with the activities (black boxes) present in Process fragment B
Select the names of the activities from Process fragment B which you think are similar to Activity A.
If you think that no activity from Process fragment B is similar to Activity A then select the "None of the above" option.
Rules & Tips
DO

Read carefully these instructions and the questions
Take into consideration the context provided by each process fragment
Look at all the activities (the labelled boxes) contained in the process fragments and take them in consideration in your judgment
Think about which action is done in an activity, who is doing that action (for example a student or the university staff) and what are the things that are manipulated when doing the action (for example documents, certificates, applications)
DEFINITIONS

SIMILAR: Two activities X and Y are similar when all of the following conditions are satisfied:

The actions performed in the activities are similar
The individuals performing the actions are similar
The things manipulated by the actions are similar

Examples
Suppose Process fragment A is the following, where Activity A is 'upload qualification documents'.



Suppose also that Process fragment B is the following:



In Process fragment B there are two activities (red boxes) which are similar to Activity A.

The actions in these two activities are performed by a student who wants to enroll in some university and has to add some certificates which are a form of qualification.

Process fragment B is pretty relevant with respect to Activity A so you should rate its relevance with a high score, such as 4 or 5.

When asked to select which activities from Process fragment B are similar to Activity A you should select both 'add certificate of bachelor degree' and 'add certificate of english language'.

When asked to explain your choices you could write for example that in Process fragment B there are two activities mentioning adding certificates and thus you thought that the process was relevant to Activity A and selected those two activities as the ones similar to Activity A because certificates are a form of qualification and adding and uploading are similar actions performed by a student.